Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Today. I'm going to teach
you how to make a hamburger.
Drink this. too.
Do you have a place to go?
You know how to wash
the dishes. right?
I can't work for a while anyway.
I can't give you money.
Instead. I'll give
you a hamburger.
How have you been?
Hey. pizza.
Where have you been?
You've been away for a week.
It's not even a day or two.
Why are you asking
me all of a sudden?
I just got a call.
Listen to me.
Honey. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Hey. Jerry.
Where have you been?
You know. you girls were very
lonely when you were gone.
Don't worry about that.
I'll take care of it.
Hello. sweetie.
What are you doing?
What?
It's okay.
No. it's okay.
Hang in there.
Are you doing this for me?
Do you really want to kill me?
You're fucking dead.
Please save me.
Don't kill me.
Please let me stay here.
It's okay.
I killed my grandmother.
I'll call your name.
What are you doing?
I'm going to cry.
You're a bastard.
I'm going to hit
you in the head.
I'm pregnant.
I'm taking care of
my pregnant wife.
How long have you
been on your stomach?
Otherwise. I'm going
to eat chicken feet.
I'm sorry.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you doing this to me?
What are you talking about?
Are you crazy?
You don't even let me marry you.
You don't even let me grow up.
You keep calling me when
you have a boyfriend.
You only say hello when
you're comfortable.
What?
I'm going to the hospital.
I'm on my way.
You have to get out
of this station.
I'm going to the hospital.
Hey. are you out of your mind?
It's the subway.
I don't know what's
wrong with me.
I'm sorry. sir.
It's not me. it's not me.
It's okay. it's okay.
I heard you're going
to do it for my son.
I'm sorry. sir.
You're the one who's going
to be in charge of this.
I'll talk to you in detail.
I'm not in a good
mood about the subway.
The first-time is great.
I bought it because
of the script.
Why don't you take it?
Flowers bloom and water
is just twice a year.
You have to say good
things are good.
Let's raise a person who
can grow more plants.
I'm so nervous that I'm going
to die because I'm a poop hand.
Let's go today.
Listen to me.
You're always looking at the red one. but you're looking
at the green one. and you're looking at the other three.
It's too much if you
don't know women.
And why do you take care of
your grandmother like that?
You don't even look at her.
How do you know?
It's been a long time.
That's right.
Stop wearing that.
This is real.
You're here.
Hello.
It's been a long time.
Do you want to talk to me?
It's not a disease.
Isn't it just a
government office?
No.
30 years ago The establishment
that destroyed dealers' souls.
It's better to have
a bowel movement.
What is it?
It's like a pile of pain.
Did you take something
from your client?
No matter how much you
refuse. What should I do?
How can we maintain our fairy
business without funding?
What if your parents say...
Hyungnim. flies are
pests. aren't they?
What?
They eat up all the food and
carry around dirty bottles.
The flies.
They've been carrying them around since they were charged. and they've been
blowing away the pollen. and they've been maintaining the ecosystem we live in.
They're pests. pests.
What's wrong with being fat?
They become food for us.
You just have to wear a ring.
You don't have to be surprised.
Hyungnim.
I'm done with my work.
Oh. you've done a difficult job.
It's easy to rescue a wounded
kid by putting blood on my hands.
But this kid is so old that
the shelter won't accept him.
It's not going to work out.
There's a high possibility that
he'll be euthanized in the end.
So you can call and
ask for help yourself.
What?
If the rescue team contacts you
directly. they can't refuse.
Do you usually do
this kind of thing?
Don't you think it's too cruel to be
abandoned because you're old and sick?
You can be abandoned
once. right?
It's okay.
You'll meet a good person.
Brother?
Wait a minute.
It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
Stay still.
Cheer up.
By the way. does
this hurt a lot?
No. come to think of it. I heard
that he was stabbed with a knife.
It doesn't hurt at all.
I'll sew it up nicely.
so don't worry too much.
Help me.
Oh. my God.
I'm sorry.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
It's okay. it's okay.
Are you willing
to sell a cornea?
All of a sudden?
Excuse me.
It's a little embarrassing.
The client keeps asking
me to take this off.
How much is one?
5.000 won for beans.
I'll give you three more.
3.000 won?
Yeah.
3.000 won is a little...
Why?
Look. mister.
What do you want me
to do with 3.000 won?
The glasses cost a lot. but why
is it the same as 10 years ago?
Okay. then I'll...
I'll give you a big one.
10 10?
10 seconds.
Not even your neck.
What's wrong with you?
You pulled your eye
out a while ago.
Huh?
Someone else's guest.
Did you send it to Dr. Kim?
Why did you do that
to your best friend?
I'm going to see you soon.
Make up at home.
Dr. Kim is dead.
No. but there must be a
purpose for doing this.
Purpose?
It's famous.
I think this is where
the nerves are gathered.
You don't know what
I'm going to do.
There's no way I know.
Slowly Painfully
You're in.
In other people's business.
Wow. you're tough.
Did you put your hands in?
Mr. Han of Banpo.
Mr. Yoon of Dongtan.
And today. Mr. Gu.
Your hands are still sharp.
Isn't it a waste not to
use it on the street?
Are you a self-made fan?
Goodbye.
Huh?
Wait a minute.
Let's talk.
Let's settle on this.
It's all expensive.
Are you okay?
I was too excited that
I went back to sleep.
I think I haven't slept
like this for a long time.
It was so cold that I
couldn't get out of the house.
Get out of the way.
I can't do this.
If I can't kill
Hanseong. My son...
My son...
Did you order?
If it's not too late.
let's eat together.
Aren't you tired?
It's over when you open it.
It's a dumpling.
When are you going
to do this again?
Did you clean up the back?
You don't doubt the
CCTV or the witness?
No.
That's what the client is like.
Leave it quiet.
Why are you talking
about people?
I told you to stay in your room.
Don't worry.
Before I hear the chicken
feet. I'm leaving on my own.
You're sensitive.
This is the woman
at the entrance.
No. it's not.
I only introduced
you to Hong Yeo-seo.
My son's girlfriend is...
I was attacked by the weak.
He died of addiction shock.
I went to my son's room.
I got lynched.
Is it a plant?
It's worth it.
In many ways. Manager
Son rejected it.
All right?
And I made a reservation for
a health checkup last year.
I'm going to follow
the procedure now.
He's got a brown belly.
Like you're asking
me to recognize me.
I've been around the target.
I'm going to eat it when
I'm going to eat it.
Just before I go crazy.
I'm working on it in
the most painful way.
So my nickname is Two.
I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
In a word. it doesn't
mean anything.
Not a murder without emotion.
Let's use the good
skills we have.
Disinfection.
Are you telling
me to catch a bug?
That's right.
They're like wheels in our way.
It's our job to get rid of them.
It's our job to save
those who are suffering.
Oh. my God.
Is it a gift of salvation?
I can't just go.
I have to go.
I don't have any drugs.
You're a good joker.
First of all. I know
he's too serious.
He didn't know.
so he was kidding.
Just take a look at him.
I'll cover you up.
There's a lot of
protein in the brain.
Are you nervous these days?
No. I'm fine.
If you look at the color here.
The signal is a little bad.
Don't tell the company.
That's a big problem.
Then today could
be the last day.
What's the next direction?
You can't overdo it.
When was it?
It's too much.
You're a joker.
Where are you hiding it?
Why are you so loud?
What company?
Why did this fall out?
Who is it?
The old people would have done
everything you told them to do.
Why did you kill him?
That's Park Gyeok-bok's knife.
Sir!
Boss!
It's all done by the police.
I'd rather have a
police officer eat it.
Let's go.
Dad.
No.
Move!
I'll be there.
Why are you doing this?
What's wrong with you?
You're going to be my age.
A woman in her 40s was
found dead in a car.
According to the witness. a man who was presumed to be a suspect
stayed around the victim's car for a while before the accident.
The suspect parked his car on the side of the road and left the victim. who was
unconscious. alone. After that. the suspect followed the witness and came close
to the earth and then ran away.
The police assumed this case to be a
murder case disguised as a suicide.
After the autopsy. the suspect was
identified as a man in his mid-50s.
Hello.
Come as soon as you can.
I'm the one who moves
in the first unit.
Didn't you do pre-education?
You're not as good as I thought.
Oh. my God.
You've dedicated your
life to the party.
You're so dishonorable.
You don't feel comfortable
with me. do you?
But a car is turning over.
The principle is the principle.
I'll stick it on.
I'll do it.
Because of you?
I'm sorry.
If you do that.
I'll be grateful.
But how are you
going to find it?
Then it's obvious where to go.
Anyway. you're a lot of work.
Would it be okay?
The weight of time.
Are you here?
How was it?
Are you okay?
I've done a lot of work.
Didn't you wait for me?
What is it?
I told you to report the group.
You brought all your fingers.
Check if you're out of breath.
Chief.
Can I talk to you for a second?
You're here?
It's an honor.
Why did you do that?
It's when Eun-ho was born.
Eun-ho died 10 years ago.
You mean Eun-ho didn't
meet the pastor?
The world wouldn't
have been so angry.
Then my life would
have changed. right?
There's a way.
What's so great about dying?
I'm going to show you
how to play the game.
I think I can't kill you.
Can't you kill me?
I'm sorry. but I told
you to quit this time.
I'm going to kill you.
I told you to live there.
So die.
I thought I was
going to die at home.
What is it?
Who are you?
You've seen us before.
Get out of the way.
This is my job.
It's my job. too.
Did you do that to your husband?
As best as you can?
If you did your job right. I wouldn't
have to come forward like this.
I heard you're a legend.
I have a bad head. I have
wrinkles. And I'm already this old.
You're dead.
You're as good as my mom.
I'll have to do it myself.
I'll take care of the rest.
It's your job.
When it's time to go. The
person you missed will come out.
My daughter...
I'm done now.
I've done enough to hurt you.
Did you come out?
I'm sorry.
I won't take it again.
Let's just go.
No. I'm done with work.
What if something happens?
I can't get in touch
with my house right now.
I told you not to
leave me alone.
Whether the other person is smiling or not. You're going
to end up like this because you're sniffing at others.
Keep in mind.
Don't shoot a
butterfly with a gun.
Let's go now.
Don't move.
What are you doing?
I'm sure you've seen it.
What is it?
You've seen it well.
You can't do this.
Hang in there.
What about today's work?
It's all up to me.
Thank you.
I'm going to work.
Hang in there.
I'll give you some medicine.
You're a little late.
Put your back down.
Why?
What did I believe in?
The waves are high.
If you're going to use
it. you're in trouble.
It's a precious asset
to the Holy King.
This knife looks a little dull.
But I think I can still use it.
Looking at your face. I think you're picking
up anyone on the street and making them work.
Our job is to
replace the bad bugs.
It's a sacred thing.
For example. take ordinary kids.
I'm going to build
a construction site.
I'm going to defend the weak.
The things you refuse.
That's our job.
You're so frustrating.
Dogs?
They're the mafias
of the country.
If you touch it
wrong. you'll die.
It's like a poison pocket.
I don't know how to do it.
It's a comfortable job.
It's my right.
The right is to
take responsibility.
Then why don't you
try it yourself?
There's nothing I can't do.
And two dogs.
He's a clean friend.
He's good.
Now. as a colleague. Let's
have a meal together.
Your father was so young.
When you were snoring.
At that time. you
were in your prime.
Let's go play somewhere.
Don't you want to
grow your nails?
What?
You used to paint your back.
Tell me to paint this and that.
Why?
Do you want me to rip your face?
You must have something to do.
You're lying down like a dog.
You've been treated.
You left a witness there.
If the company finds out.
You're going to be in trouble.
Now I know who you are.
Do you know?
I know.
I'm going to die.
Even if you go to the river. If you go out of your eyes.
If you go there. There are a lot of other businessmen.
So don't stand in front of me.
If you want to live a long time.
I'll take care of it.
If it's not money or justice.
What's the purpose of coming here?
It's a legend.
You're here.
You have good eyes.
I went to make more
snacks in the afternoon.
I've made a lot of snacks.
so I'm very satisfied.
Everyone has a good time
while reading the book.
I was watching a drama as
soon as I got home from work.
I was reading a book while
eating a lot of sweet potatoes.
Hello.
Oh. yes.
Welcome.
This is a new peach flavor.
This is honey flavor.
I'll take that.
How many do you want?
Four?
That's a lot.
If you eat this. you'll
get four in no time.
You're seven years old.
You're good. right?
Yes.
Where's your mother?
Yes. she's in heaven.
How did she die?
She had another surgery.
She was in the hospital for
five years. and then she died.
After that. my son-in-law
couldn't sleep at night.
That's why he's always
out here and there.
He's been doing that for years.
That's a lot of work
for a dead person.
I'm the one who's
talking about it.
I'll give you another one.
I'm not going to buy
it. but it's better.
I'll eat well.
Come again.
Yes.
Hye-ri.
Dad!
Why are you so late?
Did you eat?
Yes.
I missed you.
Hye-ri. wait a minute.
Hye-ri.
Sir.
Why are you here?
My family doesn't care.
Why?
Yes.
You must have seen
what I was carrying.
You're a good person.
You saved a broken child.
I'm not a good person.
That's the only answer
a good person can give.
How's Woo-young?
Woo-young?
I think he's a brave kid.
I'm not looking.
What about Jang Myung-hee?
You're not good at it.
Why don't you go
to the hospital?
I'm afraid I'll get
fired from the company.
You're a scary woman.
I'm afraid I'll get fired.
Then you have to let me
know if you get hurt.
Woo-young goes out
for a walk often.
I don't know what to call you.
What's your name?
Do you think I'm a good person?
Woo-young.
All right.
From today. your
name is Woo-young.
There are already more than
40 years on this golden land.
How good would it be to release
it all and open it up again?
It's not as easy as I thought.
Since I was a kid. I've been
in front of a herbivore.
An old lion is holding
on to the wheel.
I think I lost all my toenails.
You've never made a
mistake while hunting?
It was perfect.
It's unbelievable.
It's a legend that I'm
passionate about and afraid of.
Those humans can't
afford to do that.
What the hell happened?
There was an original man named Yu who built
the bottom of this place for the first time.
It's not too late
to be 49 years old.
What should I do with my family?
He said he'd take revenge on the day of his death. and
he sterilized 28 people with a single shot of blood.
Our great mother.
Change my name to a
piece on my fingernail.
What the hell is that?
It's the first time
I've ever seen Yu Hyuk.
Hello. Grandma.
You're out for a
walk with Wooyoung.
Can I play with you?
Wooyoung. let's go.
Hye-ni. don't go too far.
You look like a smart kid.
You look a lot like your mom.
Did you hear that
from my mother-in-law?
The hospital director told me that everyone who
tries to save one's life first makes a real mistake.
I don't know what to do.
I just bit my tongue.
Or I just want to kill you.
Would you like to
have a meal together?
We were on our way to lunch.
No. I'm here.
Let's go together.
It's all about
eating and living.
I'm sorry.
I'm just going.
Please. let's go together.
I'm going to go next week.
Grandma. are you coming. too?
What should I do?
I can't go to places like this.
No. I worked really hard.
Hye-ni. what's wrong with you?
I don't care.
What is it?
Chogak Chogak?
My name Chogak?
Chogak?
It means animal claws.
I didn't know that.
Look here.
You can't do that
without permission.
Look at this.
It's a dog. right?
Give me your number.
I'll send it to you.
Hye-ni I'm sorry.
It's coming.
Dad. what should I do?
I think someone broke
it and ran away.
Uh. hello.
How did you get here?
There's an old hunter.
There's one.
He's doing something
he doesn't usually do.
Why is that?
What?
I'm afraid of small things.
It's shaking.
I'm getting scared.
I'm sweating.
I think you came
to the wrong place.
This is a hospital.
People are also animals.
No?
No. I can't cure
people with medicine.
That's weird.
I think people are also animals.
Hello.
Oh. Mr. Ggangcheong.
I'm not good at this.
That's too bad.
Let's go inside.
I'm sorry.
Strawberries!
I want to eat strawberries!
You can't eat strawberries!
What are you going to do?
This California
orange is sweeter.
How can this be sweeter?
Uncle. this is it.
It's my presentation next week.
Come on.
What should I do?
I'm a little busy.
No.
I've been working
hard since yesterday.
Yeah?
Shall we take a look?
Oh. you're good.
I have a good wish.
What are you doing?
No. it's been a long time.
so it's wrinkled and bruised.
It tastes the same.
People don't know.
It's pretty and fresh.
Mr. Kang If you touch
a hair. You're serious.
You're a good cook.
You melt all the
ice-like humans.
I'll leave. so stop.
What?
If I'm not here. there's no
threat to the sacred defense.
The innocent man will be safe.
I don't want to.
How can you have such a dream
because of that one person?
As you get older. you get a
lot of germs in your skin.
Do you want to protect
the people around you?
What's your purpose
for coming in here?
You don't know where
you're going. but you don't
know where others are going.
Do you know where
your friend is going?
What's important?
You have the freedom to look
at it as much as you want.
You don't have the
right to do that.
Are you okay?
Look at this.
Who gives you the same
money and buys it?
Go in and rest.
It's okay.
I'll give you my ID
card and a ticket.
I don't need it.
I'll stay where I want to be.
Do whatever you want.
But now. you and I...
Let's not make things
we have to protect.
It's already been 10 years.
You did a great job.
Keep your dignity with that.
What are you?
Are you happy?
I don't know.
The client's conditions are
confidential. so I can't tell you.
Why do you leave a
good-talking guy?
Oh...
I'm asking you because
you're a victim.
It's better for you to clean up.
Who are you?
Why are you doing this to me?
Why are you targeting
Kang Bong-hae?
It's a rule made by
your mother-in-law.
I'm not trying to catch fish.
I'm trying to catch the sea.
I don't even know where
the ship is going.
Kang Bong-hae killed
my mother-in-law.
So I'm going to get revenge.
He gave me a lot of money.
Kang Bong-hae can't be
that kind of person.
It's weird.
He said he was the son
of the hospital director.
Manager Son said he'd just
take it because it was money.
Just in case.
I did a background check.
It's a lie!
Are you going to do it or not?
You son of a bitch!
Why did you ask me to
kill Kang Bong-hae?
Who are you?
I really don't know.
I need to get some money.
To whom?
I'll call you on the phone.
I have a cell phone
in my back pocket.
Call me.
Why?
There's a woman...
I don't think it's time to
be playing with Jjukjeong.
What do you want?
Equal destruction.
It's time for
Mr. Kang to go home.
I'll help you this time.
Wait a minute.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
Don't leave me alone.
How did you know this place?
That's a relief.
You don't have to
worry about me.
Excuse me.
Don't you have
anything to say to me?
It's a little late.
Make sure you eat.
How do you feel?
Why are you looking
at me so complicated?
It's useless.
If you don't think
about it yourself.
I'm going to deal with it now.
Why are you doing
this in front of me?
Yeah.
Why?
I just want to see
the legendary ending.
You must be disappointed.
I was disappointed.
To me I've been looking for my whole
life to find something like this.
Stop it.
If that's me. you've
already found it.
No.
I haven't found it yet.
It's not a real victory.
Retreat?
Don't even dream.
And you can never beat me.
You have something to protect.
I don't have anything to lose.
Welcome.
Wait a minute.
Son.
I'm going to work from today.
Hi.
Give me some water.
When is your dad coming in?
It's past 12 o'clock.
How long has it been?
Ten days.
Aren't you tired?
I'm tired.
Oh. my God.
I'm sorry.
I'll clean it up.
You're after my back.
Listen carefully.
If I don't come in.
you're going over there.
Stupid.
Don't starve to death.
Find a new owner.
I don't care if you find
a dog or a trash can.
Survive somehow.
Don't get caught by the chief.
You're going to kill him?
I'm going to do what I know.
I'm going to catch a bug
and save a sick person.
Mrs. Hong. that's...
It's not over until one
of the weak is discharged.
You can just get
rid of the healer.
Why are you trying
to shoot a beehive?
It's a real war.
It's hard to walk alone.
It's the last time in my life.
Whether you live or
die. it'll disappear.
It's up to you from now on.
If you're so worried about
me. put a light on it.
Fight him.
Why are you suddenly
coming to me?
If you do that. I'll...
Mr. Park!
Don't follow me!
What is it?
Are you happy with
someone else's blood?
There's nothing to do.
What kind of bastard is this?
Who is it?
Is it a bug?
No. it's not.
Did you get hit by a bee?
Who are you going to die to?
What does it matter?
I don't know why you're dying.
Mr. Park!
No.
no matter how good you
are. It's too dangerous.
If you go. you'll die.
Do it yourself.
What's wrong with him?
Where is he now?
He's crazy.
What's the reason
for killing his ace?
Mr. Park.
Every person in
Yeonmi-do has a cutter.
Kang Bo-mi. the animal hospital.
I saved him because I
had a personal reason.
That's why I gave
up the quarantine.
It's been too long. Mr. Park.
I'm here.
I'm coming right away.
If you're old. you're dead.
Why are you working so hard?
Mr. Song.
That's a different story.
How much money have
you been making?
What if you make the
court a pile of money?
How many times did
you go to the casino?
Mr. Song.
What are you talking about?
Let's meet and talk about it.
Hurry up.
What do you want to do?
Do you want to apologize?
It's raining.
Let's get out of here.
You son of a bitch.
Have some on the way.
Guys. let's get revenge.
Hey. don't be scared.
It's not over yet. is it?
What is it?
Is it a son of a bitch?
Yeah.
It's a family.
Where are you going?
Where are you?
Are you okay?
Are you worried?
Yes.
Then put the tools on your back.
You do it yourself.
Mr. Song doesn't want to.
Should I go in?
Just do what I tell you to do.
Eat before you go.
Why are you eating with that?
Why?
Ordinary people.
What?
Ordinary people You've seen
it so often. haven't you?
How did you get rid of it?
Useful?
Yes.
When I was young. At that
time. I was so hungry.
I stole the bellflower
from the next door.
But it was a three-year-old.
I rolled up the house
to pay for the money.
And I got kicked out.
While the bride and groom were
fighting. If you do it. you'll get hit.
Get abandoned. get
beaten up again.
Everyone. come out and die.
It's a useless
bitch in the world.
And then...
I'm 16 years old.
I met someone who
accepted me as a family.
What's your name?
Winsor.
It's a pretty name.
I fed him. I put him to
sleep. I gave him a job.
And to him. I heard it was
useful for the first time.
Don't avoid it like that.
If you're going to get a reflex. I'm
telling you to stay away from me.
Hide your head
even if it breaks.
Okay?
Yes.
Let's stop here today.
I think this is sacred.
One of us.
I'm saving the world.
Don't let anyone know.
I envy you.
I had a family like that.
There was a time.
Very briefly.
What do you think?
Do you remember?
When we first met?
Was that 25 years ago?
Hi.
I'm sorry.
Wow. this is touching.
You know why I'm
looking for you.
Do you really have to leave
your life to someone else?
You have to play with
it until the end.
You can't get what you want.
Especially when you open your
heart to your colleagues.
I failed on purpose.
I thought I would come.
I know.
But you have to find me.
Oh. my God.
You...
Think you've been
licked by a beast's claws.
See you in hell.
I should have chosen you.
I shouldn't have let you in.
When did you think
I'd let you in?
I...
For us...
For the sake of the world.
It's all for us.
Yeah.
I tried.
Like your father.
What kind of father are you?
Get out of here.
Bad things.
Burn it all here.
And you're leaving. too.
Oh. yes.
Hello.
Where's Henny?
Oh. Henny?
I came out first.
Then I'll look in the bathroom.
Then I'll look inside.
Oh. my God.
I'm sorry.
It's a sudden mistake.
Isn't that too much?
Why are you doing this to me?
What?
Are you going to pretend
you don't know this?
I've been thinking about it
in front of the hell gate.
I felt sorry for Henny.
You're left alone like us.
I've been through it.
so I know how it feels.
This is against my principles.
It's a matter of course. but I can't
help it because I'm in a bad mood.
This is the problem with humans.
If the grass dies. the principles
die and it becomes more meaningless.
Do you understand?
I've prepared a big party.
Then I'll go alone.
Happyland Who the hell are you?
What do you want?
You can't follow me.
I'll bring it.
What are you talking about?
Trust me.
You're going to be lucky.
I'm the one who's
after the people.
It's because I saved it.
I saved someone I
shouldn't have saved.
I don't regret it.
I saved it.
It was something I had to do.
Do you remember what I said?
What are you doing?
I'm not against the kids.
That's what you're
saying. right?
Don't do it.
Throw it away.
I thought you were dead.
Is this heaven?
I was worried that
revenge would end in vain.
Well. well. well.
What's going on in the neighborhood
should have been less and less.
It's because you're rich.
The young man's eyes are bad.
I've got all the cash.
Is there a problem?
Our kids are all dead
because of this shit.
Didn't you know it was a bullet?
Tell me again.
Who the hell do
you think you are?
Get up.
I'm not an easy opponent.
I'll go up and beat you up.
Be careful.
What's wrong with you?
I'll cut your ears off.
Nam Won-sik!
How can I let my kids go?
What are you talking about?
Take it yourself.
Why are you dragging Kang
Sun-seo between you and me?
The doctor is the
target to protect.
I'm the trash to clean up.
What's wrong with you?
I don't know.
Then you're the
trash to throw away.
It's old and useless.
I heard you shouldn't throw it
away because it's old and useless.
You can never protect Mr. Kang.
I'm the best.
All the families.
What are you protecting?
If you keep doing this.
I'll throw it away first.
What should I do with this?
The winner will
take a foreign car.
You learned it wrong.
If you chase other people like
that. you'll end up like a bug.
I'm sorry.
I'm the same.
Can I kill you?
Yeah. I wasn't going to.
Are you done?
No.
When is your dad coming in?
It's past 12 o'clock.
There are a lot of days
when I don't come in.
I'm going to sleep now.
What song do you listen to?
This?
Listen to it when you're
having a hard time.
This isn't it.
Are you giving this to me?
Yeah.
It's unfair to have two.
Should I throw one away?
You'll regret it when you do.
I'm sure I gave it back to you.
Thank you.
Get out of here.
When your father comes back from making
money. I told you to come out and say hello.
I'm not going to do it.
I don't know who you are.
You idiot.
Sir.
That's all you've got?
I've been kidnapped.
Please give me a
call from my dad.
Of course.
Hurry up and get me out of here.
Remember.
This is a seed that my
grandmother sprayed.
Unlike anyone else. You
have to keep your promise.
Goodbye.
Why are you still here?
I'm running out of time.
Because of me.
Please.
Dad.
Don't be too hard on yourself.
I'm here now.
I'm going to win this time.
You...
You can't do that.
I'm pretending.
Have a good day.
Make sure you take your lunch.
You did a good job.
I don't think I
can recognize you.
Where are you going?
I didn't see anything.
Next time. If you do that.
Why are you doing this to me?
I'm scared.
What if I don't remember?
Do you remember now?
How?
I'm going to kill you.
Promise me.
There will be a day when you
become stronger than your father.
Until then. let's tie the sword.
Let's tie it up today.
Tomorrow will be better.
Let's do it together.
What?
Can't we go to Happy Land?
Happy Land?
It's an amusement park.
No.
I'm bragging that I've been
to all the amusement parks.
No.
Yes.
You're lying.
You didn't answer me.
You still have a long way to go.
Yes.
I'm not going to swallow pills.
I'm sorry.
We're family.
I'm not doing this
to protect you.
We are nothing more
than broken people.
It's not bad to love loss.
I don't think it's a
bad idea to love him.
I was locked up in prison.
A man who accuses me.
He's a liar.
Who is that?
I've never done anything wrong.
And it's not time
for you to go yet.
It's not time for
you to come yet.
You have a lot to do.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today